Add readme for the Frontend UI (#2726)
tenzir/vast: plugins/web/ui/README.md

# VAST UI

### Dependencies

The only dependencies are nodejs (version 18.x) and the Yarn package manager.

To get a nix shell with these, run the following

```fish
# For a flake enabled nix setup
nix shell nixpkgs#nodejs-18_x nixpkgs#yarn

# Otherwise
nix-shell -p nodejs-18_x yarn
```

### Develop

> This folder can be developed independently from the rest of the VAST package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To develop the UI independently from VAST itself:
```

We try to use active voice in documentation.

1. Install the nodejs dependencies

```fish
yarn install
```

> 2. You need a running vast instance with the web server enabled in the dev mode. For example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You need a running VAST instance with the web server enabled in the dev mode. For example
```

```fish

> vast --plugins=bundled start '--commands="web server --mode=dev"'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vast start '--commands="web server --mode=dev"'
```

We merged a change that causes VAST to load all plugins by default recently.

```

> 3. (optional) If your vast server's REST API endpoint is different from the default (`http://localhost:42001/api/v0`), copy the `.env.example` to `.env` and edit that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. (optional) If your VAST server's REST API endpoint is different from the default (`http://localhost:42001/api/v0`), copy the `.env.example` to `.env` and edit that.
```
